feat(EVS): add one time resource to unsubscribe prepaid volume (#7264)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/evs_unsubscribe_prepaid_volume.md

---
subcategory: "Elastic Volume Service (EVS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_evs_unsubscribe_prepaid_volume"
description: |-
  Manages a resource to unsubscribe the prepaid EVS volume within HuaweiCloud.
---

# huaweicloud_evs_unsubscribe_prepaid_volume

Manages a resource to unsubscribe the prepaid EVS volume within HuaweiCloud.

-> The current resource is a one-time resource, and destroying this resource will not recover the unsubscribe volume,
but will only remove the resource information from the tfstate file.

> 

Reviewer: 退订包周期计费模式的云硬盘，有如下约束：

系统盘、启动盘不可使用当前接口退订，必须和弹性云服务器一起退订

接口的请求body体最多可以传60个云硬盘id

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "volume_ids" {}

resource "huaweicloud_evs_unsubscribe_prepaid_volume" "example" {
  volume_ids = var.volume_ids
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

> * `volume_ids` - (Required, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the volumes ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `volume_ids` - (Required, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the volume IDs, a maximum of `60` volume IDs can be configured.
.
```
